removed duplicate import (#7016)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/7015.misc.md

> Remove duplicate imports in shared/importers/importer.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove duplicate import of ``ActionExecuted`` from  ``shared.importers.importer``
```
